falling like this, yes Tse ίν Lun that Xin Pu this, constantly
tell everyone about mine, that is representative of that, so yeah, we
often see that he does not come out  The landlord
is saying so every day, is it
multiplied by one, so he dare not say he is the best to subtract this so
, in fact, even if you can not see the numbers, we see the
street is empty  I said now, now it has
become Ji's City to eat, all the tribes down you say quite sharp yeah
so, I said before this, go to this week of France, sell d
mother copyright very French, so French  It's an
empty shop, down all this way, very cute so so so yeah, there are some
things not down is this is the glass door so open clogged.  You do not
know what to buy
nothing to sell, those things, that is like in asking for the warehouse
put several degrees, so so I do not know what the hell, a lot of this shop
, this is a strange trend  To go
to Hong Kong, when your city yeah, in the Mong.  On then shrink back down